CodeSandbox, B.V. End User License Agreement


By downloading the Licensed Software (defined below) you agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. BY CLICKING ON THE
"AGREE" BUTTON OR DOWNLOADING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR IF YOU DO NOT HAVE
SUCH AUTHORITY, YOU SHOULD CLICK ON THE " DISAGREE" BUTTON TO DISCONTINUE THE DOWNLOAD OF THE SOFTWARE, OR IMMEDIATELY
DISCONTINUE USE AND DESTROY ANY REMAINING COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE TO PREVENT FURTHER USE.


This End User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you and CodeSandbox, B.V., ("CodeSandbox") for
CodeSandbox's that accompanies this Agreement ("Licensed Software").


1. License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, CodeSandbox grants you a nontransferable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, fully
paid, worldwide license (without the right to sublicense) to install and execute the Licensed Software, in executable object
code format only, solely on your computer that you own or control and solely for your use of the CodeSandbox service for your
internal personal or internal business purposes.

2. Restrictions. The rights granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not
license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, outsource, disclose or otherwise commercially exploit the
Licensed Software or make the Licensed Software available to any third party; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works
of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Licensed Software; (c) you shall not access the Licensed
Software in order to build a similar or competitive product or service; (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the
Licensed Software may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form
or by any means, including but not limited to electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or other means; and (e) any future
release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Licensed Software provided by CodeSandbox (if any) shall be subject
to the terms of this Agreement unless CodeSandbox expressly states otherwise. You shall preserve all copyright and other
proprietary rights notices on the Licensed Software and all copies thereof.

3. Ownership. The Licensed Software and all worldwide copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights therein,
are the exclusive property of CodeSandbox and its suppliers. All rights in and to the Licensed Software not expressly granted to
you in this Agreement are reserved by CodeSandbox and its suppliers.

4. Third Party Software. Certain items of software included with the Software are licensed from third parties and subject to the
terms and conditions provided by such third parties ("Third Party Software"). The Third Party Software is not subject to the
terms and conditions of Sections 1 and 2. Instead, each item of Third Party Software is licensed under the terms of the license
that accompanies such Third Party Software. Nothing in this document limits your rights under, or grants you rights that
supersede, the terms and conditions of any applicable license for the Third Party Software.

5. Disclaimer of Warranties. The Licensed Software SOFTWARE IS provided TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE, AND ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS.
CodeSandbox PROVIDES NO TECHNICAL SUPPORT, WARRANTIES OR REMEDIES FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR ANY OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE UNDER
THIS AGREEMENT. CodeSandbox AND ITS SUPPLIERS disclaim all express, implied or statutory warranties relating to the Licensed
Software AND ANY OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE, including but not limited to, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, TITLE,
and non-infringement. CodeSandbox does not warrant that use of the Licensed Software OR OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE will be
uninterrupted, or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Licensed Software OR OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE is free of
viruses or other harmful components. if applicable law requires any warranties with respect to the licensed software OR OPEN
SOURCE SOFTWARE, all such warranties are limited in duration to ninety (90) days from the date of download. This warranty
disclaimer inures to the benefit of CodeSandbox's suppliers.

6. Limitation of Liability. In no event will CodeSandbox be liable for any consequential, indirect, exemplary, special, or
incidental damages, including any lost data and lost profits, arising from or relating to this Agreement even if CodeSandbox has
been advised of the possibility of such damages. CodeSandbox's total cumulative liability in connection with this Agreement and
the Licensed Software, whether in contract or tort or otherwise, will not exceed $100.

7. Term and Termination. This Agreement and the licenses granted hereunder are effective on the date you download the Licensed
Software and shall continue unless this Agreement is terminated by either party pursuant to this section. CodeSandbox may
terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to you in the event that you materially breach any of the terms hereof. Either
party may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause. You may terminate this Agreement by sending either an
email to legal@codesandbox.io with your name and the subject "REMOVE" or a letter by United States mail to: CodeSandbox BV,
Singel 542 1017AZ, Amsterdam, Netherlands or to such other address as CodeSandbox may specify in writing by posting the new
address on the CodeSandbox website. Upon termination, the license granted hereunder shall terminate and you shall immediately
destroy any copies of the Licensed Software in its possession, but the terms of Sections 2-15 will remain in effect.

8. For U.S. Government End Users. The Licensed Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. 2.101 (OCT
1995), and more specifically is "commercial computer software" and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms
are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (SEPT 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (JUNE
1995), the Software is provided to U.S. Government End Users (a) only as a commercial end item and (b) with only those rights as
are granted to all other customers pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

9. Export. The Licensed Software and related technology are subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to export or
import regulations in other countries. You agree to strictly comply with all such laws and regulations and acknowledges that it
has the responsibility to obtain authorization to export, re-export, or import the Licensed Software and related technology, as
may be required. You will indemnify and hold CodeSandbox harmless from any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, fines,
penalties, costs and expenses (including attorney's fees) arising from or relating to any breach by you of your obligations
under this section.

10. Assignments. You may not assign or transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, any of its rights under this Agreement
(including its licenses with respect to the Licensed Software) to any third party without CodeSandbox's prior written consent.
Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be void.

11. Notices. All notices, consents, and approvals under this Agreement must be delivered in writing by courier, by electronic
mail (e-mail) specifically referencing this Agreement, or by certified or registered mail, (postage prepaid and return receipt
requested) to the other party at the address set forth beneath such party's signature, and will be effective upon receipt or
three (3) business days after being deposited in the mail as required above, whichever occurs sooner. Either party may change
its address by giving notice of the new address to the other party.

12. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws and courts of the State of New York. The United Nations
Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement.

13. Remedies. Except as provided in Section 5 and 6, the parties' rights and remedies under this Agreement are cumulative.
Licensee acknowledges that the Licensed Software contains valuable trade secrets and proprietary information of CodeSandbox,
that any actual or threatened breach of Section 2 will constitute immediate, irreparable harm to CodeSandbox for which monetary
damages would be an inadequate remedy, and that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy for such breach.

14. Waivers. All waivers must be in writing. Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement on one occasion
will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any other occasion.

15. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is unenforceable, such provision will be changed and interpreted to
accomplish the objectives of such provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the remaining provisions
will continue in full force and effect.
